Update docs for PodDisruptionBudget unhealthy pod eviction policy promotion to Beta (#40017)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/run-application/configure-pdb.md

## Unhealthy Pod Eviction Policy

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.27" state="beta" >}}

{{< note >}}

> This feature is enabled by default. You can disable it by disabling the `PDBUnhealthyPodEvictionPolicy`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is enabled by default. You can disable it by setting the `PDBUnhealthyPodEvictionPolicy=false`
```

Reviewer 2: To me, “disabling the `PDBUnhealthyPodEvictionPolicy` feature gate” is idiomatic. I don't recommend making this change.

For example, if we one day allow managing API server feature gates with a configuration file, disabling a gate is actually more likely to look like:
```yaml
   …
   - PDBUnhealthyPodEvictionPolicy: false # colon, not equality symbol
   …
```

Reviewer: That's even better suggestion :+1:
